README.md, before:

# Final_Project
 # This will include the Proposal and my Final Submission
 # The title of my project is Procedure
## https://github.com/WillFobian/Final_Project
### I want to make a procedural model of something. Unsure what yet, as I do not yet know the scope of what is possible in this course, but if possible an environment. 
#### I hope to utilize procedural modeling for trees, buildings, and streets. I guess the feature will be executed by importing models, then implementing the program to procedurally place them. 
##### I will need to learn how to procedurally place models into a scene, along with potentially learning how to procedurally model.
###### Ideal outcome is an environment that utilizes procedural modeling. The minimum viable outcome is that I can make some sort of art utilizing procedual modeling.
###### My weekly goals are the first week of november to learn how to use procedural art. Second week is to try to use proceduralism to make models. Third week is to make more models. Final week is putting all the models into a scene and screen record.

Commit message:

Properly wrote Proposal and the README file

README.md, after:

# PROJECT TITLE
Procedure
## Demo
Demo Video: <https://youtu.be/APPR6qRmewU>

## GitHub Repository
GitHub Repo: <https://github.com/WillFobian/Final_Project>

## Description
    My project is meant to create 10 random objects from the list of cube, cylinder, torus, cone, or sphere, rotate it randomly, apply a random color, and place it in the scene randomly. I do not have many files in my repository. I have the proposal.md file, with my revised final project proposal. I have the README.md file, that has the information regarding my title, demo video, my GitHub repository, and this description. I decided to challenge myself this project, and implement my newly found skills from this class and apply it to a program I have had quite a bit of practice in.

    I had considered maybe doing a whole scene of procedurally generated objects, placed neatly and make a sort of townsquare or something of the sort. However, it turned out to be way past the scope of what was possible with what I had learned, so I went with this. I hit some unique obstacles along the way, such as a height issue when generating certain objects, but was able to perservere. It was very rewarding to find solutions to these problems. I would like to impove this code by doing what I had initially intended on doing, and make a townsquare area completely from code, along with applying materials strategically.
